Update onboard-configure.md (#9284)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/onboard-configure.md

:::image type="content" source="images/deployment-steps.png" alt-text="The onboarding and configuration process" lightbox="images/deployment-steps.png":::

## Role-based access control

> Microsoft recommends using Privileged Identity Management to manage your roles to provide additional auditing, control, and access review for users with directory permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using Privileged Identity Management to manage your roles to provide additional auditing, control, and access review for users with directory permissions.
```

Defender for Endpoint supports two ways to manage permissions:

> - **Basic permissions management**: Set permissions to either full access or read-only. Users with Global Administrator or Security Administrator roles in Azure Active Directory have full access. The Security reader role has read-only access and does not grant access to view machines/device inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Basic permissions management**: Sets permissions to either full access or read-only. Users with global administrator or security administrator roles in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) have full access. The security reader role has read-only access and does not grant access to view machines/device inventory.
```

> - **Role-based access control (RBAC)**: Set granular permissions by defining roles, assigning Azure AD user groups to the roles, and granting the user groups access to device groups. For more information. see [Manage portal access using role-based access control](rbac.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Role-based access control (RBAC)**: Sets granular permissions by defining roles, assigning Azure AD user groups to the roles, and granting the user groups access to device groups. For more information. see [Manage portal access using role-based access control](rbac.md).
```

> Microsoft recommends leveraging RBAC to ensure that only users that have a business justification can access Defender for Endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend leveraging RBAC to ensure that only users that have a business justification can access Defender for Endpoint.
```
